So I want to implement two new features and I want to first map it out the implementation.

So first we are the in planning phase no implementation yet.

So the first feature is that we are going to build a feature for users in the UK only whereby we scrape events from eventbrite and mind you the events we will scape from eventbrite must be more than 90% of what they have at every given time and we will also have cron jobs and workers that continuosly infinitely scrape the events. Like based on research it is said that eventbrite has more than 1 million events so that means we are looking to have nothing less than 900,000 events scaped in our database at all times, that is a metric that can't be negotiated and I need it done in one go maximum 2. So now what do we want to use those events for, when a user registers on our website we want to have a page where they can enter their CV, details about their field, they choose a location from the lists of all locations in the UK and we show them events that are in their industry that are happening around them that they can go to for networkingSo I want to implement two new features and I want to first map it out the implementation.

So first we are the in planning phase no implementation yet.

So the first feature is that we are going to build a feature for users in the UK only whereby we scrape events from eventbrite and mind you the events we will scape from eventbrite must be more than 90% of what they have at every given time and we will also have cron jobs and workers that continuosly infinitely scrape the events. Like based on research it is said that eventbrite has more than 1 million events so that means we are looking to have nothing less than 900,000 events scaped in our database at all times, that is a metric that can't be negotiated and I need it done in one go maximum 2. So now what do we want to use those events for, when a user registers on our website we want to have a page where they can enter their CV, details about their field, they choose a location from the lists of all locations in the UK and we show them events that are in their industry that are happening around them that they can go to for networking. So that is that for the first feature.

So the second feature is an AI auto job applier, like you enter a bunch of details about your industry, experience, expectations, conditions and all relevant fields and we fetch you a list of job that match you and you select the ones you want to apply for then we help you apply and whatnot... i don't really have an idea of how this second feature will work but i saw a company that does something similar and that is aiapply.co, search them thoroughly end to end and see how they operate and lets build ours around that.

So house these features we need a dashboard that means we are going to build a user dashboard following our existing design theme and add other functionalities that a dashboard needs. So first do you super thorough reaserch and come up with a plan